Actually market is down now there is very less opeining so it will be helpfull to 
give a chance in another project, i will request you to check again.

can you try 1 or 2 more week to found projects, i am stock this time due to not much opeining

And i am also ready for realocate in another city like mumbai

can i do resign on monday.




"The project is moving to production and will require a smaller 
team going forward. As a result, the company is offering early
release to any team members who are interested in transitioning 
to a new opportunity."    ghfghfg

1. Magic Submission (Intellect)

    Product

    The product has a number of capabilities including automatic classification, contextual extraction and validation, 
    upfront appetite check with knockout, clearance check, risk data enrichment, dynamic business rule application, 
    submission prioritisation, data normalisation and integration in required formats.

    AI Models
    
    Magic Submission is the most sophisticated AI-powered intelligent document ingestion technology with domain-trained AI models
    to automatically read, understand and contextually process multi-line submission documents. The powerful ML (machine learning)
    models can ingest submissions from any channel and understand any document type including emails, ACORD forms, loss runs, broker
    specifications, carrier supplemental forms, statement of values (SOV), excel exposures and unstructured statements.

    In this project i worked on these modules

    New feature implementation
    Handle the multiple usecases and tenant
    Data transformation with multiple services



2. Team Center User Management (ATOS) 

    Teamcenter is project where we can create a user for simens employee and give authorization what they can access.
    create a goup, roles.

    Technology: Node, Express , React, MongoDB
    Role: Developer
    Module:
    SSO implementation using Siemens API
    User create
    Group and role
    Third Party API implementation SCD

3. Cardbuzz (scandid)

    Technology: Node, Express, React, Redux, MySql,
    Role: Developer
    Module:
    Product listing, details
    Deal listing and details
    Coupons listing, coupons codes on offers
    Data fetch using third party API

4. Skyfreeshop (scandid)

    Technology: Node, React, Bootstrap, MySql,
    Role: Developer
    Module:
    Flight booking details section,
    Coupon apply section
    Internationalization
    Currency manage on different country
    Notification
    Database manage


5. Skilldevelopers (YashaaGlobal) 

    Technology: Node, Angular
    Role: Developer
    Module:
    Build reusable libraries for future use.
    Payment getaway payee.
    CMS Module


6. Ariashospital (YashaaGlobal)

    Technology: Laravel, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 4, JavaScript, jQuery.
    Role: Developer
    Module:
    Database designs
    Doctor and patient module
    Online appointment book module



